---
layout: page
title: Research Student Projects
subtitle: 15:30-16:30, Thursday 19th April, CSE 083
---

**Samuel Jiménez Gil -- *[Effective Test Generation for Worst-Case Execution Time](../../material/April18/SJG_WCET.pdf)***
<br/>
The verification of timing requirements in real-time systems is becoming more complicated given the increase in the number of lines of code as well as
the complexity of modern hardware. The  Worst-Case Execution Time (WCET) is a vital data to attaing to guarantee that such a timing requirements are met. However, it is an intractable problem generally.
Static analysis is struggling to derive WCET in modern hardware whereby the dynamic approaches that test the performance in the actual hardware or an equivalent simulator are gaining momentum. For the last ones
it is indispensable to supply test data. Such a decision is the main focus of our on-going research that are currently being investigated by using some optimization techniques from artificial intelligence.
<br/>

**Betty Sanchez -- *[RestMule: Enabling Resilient Clients for Remote APIs](../../material/April18/BS_RestMule.pdf)***
<br/>
Mining data from remote repositories, such as GitHub and StackExchange, involves the execution of requests that can easily reach the limitations imposed by the respective APIs to shield their services from overload and abuse. Therefore, data mining clients are left alone to deal with such protective service policies. Consequently, their realization is often associated with an extensive amount of manual implementation effort. In this work we present RestMule, a framework for handling various service policies, such as limited number of requests within a period of time and multi-page responses, by generating resilient clients that are able to handle request rate limits, network failures, response caching, and paging in a graceful and transparent manner. As a result, RestMule clients generated from OpenAPI specifications (i.e. standardized HTTP API descriptors), are suitable for intensive data-fetching scenarios. We evaluate our framework by reproducing an existing repository mining use case and comparing the results produced by employing a popular hand-written client and a RestMule client.
<br/>

**Matthew Windsor -- *[Starling: Cheap Automatic Verification of Low-Level Concurrency](../../material/April18/MW_Starling.pdf)***
<br/>
I discuss Starling, a tool and logical system for proving safety properties of low-level concurrent programs. Starling is based around two key ideas: view atoms and backends.  View atoms are abstract, per-thread assertions about the shared state: we can assign meanings not only to single atoms, but combinations of atoms across multiple threads, letting us easily describe safety properties like mutual exclusion and reference counting.  Backends connect Starling to existing tools for proving safety properties of sequential programs, meaning that we can not only push most of the effort in proving programs to efficient and well-designed solvers like Z3 and GRASShopper, but we can slot in tools with different specialities to tackle different proofs.
<br/>


